[master] [cc] Mention about K8 deployment option for production environments (#6087)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/production-deployment-guideline.md

- [API Manager as Control Plane]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/apim-as-control-plane/)
- [Standalone Gateway]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/concepts/as-a-standalone-gateway/)

!!! note

>     Choreo Connect Docker based deployment option provided **only for the tryout purpose.** Docker based deployment option is **not recommended to use in production deployments**. For production deployments you can use Kubernetes based Choreo Connect deployment with [Helm artifacts]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-on-kubernetes-with-apim-as-control-plane-helm-artifacts/) or [YAML artifacts]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-on-kubernetes-with-apim-as-control-plane/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Choreo Connect Docker Compose based deployment option explained here is **only for tryout purposes.** This method is **not recommended for production deployments**. For production deployments, you can use the Kubernetes based Choreo Connect deployment with [Helm artifacts]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-on-kubernetes-with-apim-as-control-plane-helm-artifacts/) or [YAML artifacts]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-on-kubernetes-with-apim-as-control-plane/).
```

Reviewer 2: This is not required.

>     Choreo Connect Docker based deployment option provided **only for the tryout purpose.** Docker based deployment option is **not recommended to use in production deployments**. For production deployments you can use Kubernetes based Choreo Connect deployment with [Helm artifacts]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-on-kubernetes-with-apim-as-control-plane-helm-artifacts/) or [YAML artifacts]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-on-kubernetes-with-apim-as-control-plane/).

Reviewer 2: Kubernetes should be used for Choreo Connect production deployments. The common guidelines for deploying Choreo Connect in a **production environment** using the [Helm deployment option](base path/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-deploy-overview/) are provided below.
